# Stable Cascade

https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-cascade/resolve/main/comfyui_checkpoints/stable_cascade_stage_c.safetensors
  out=models/checkpoints/stable_cascade_stage_c.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-cascade/resolve/main/comfyui_checkpoints/stable_cascade_stage_b.safetensors
  out=models/checkpoints/stable_cascade_stage_b.safetensors

# VAE

https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/sd-vae-ft-mse-original/resolve/main/vae-ft-mse-840000-ema-pruned.safetensors
  out=models/vae/vae-ft-mse-840000-ema-pruned.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/madebyollin/taesd/resolve/main/taesd_decoder.safetensors
  out=models/vae_approx/taesd_decoder.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/madebyollin/taesdxl/resolve/main/taesdxl_decoder.safetensors
  out=models/vae_approx/taesdxl_decoder.safetensors

# Upscale

https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN/releases/download/v0.1.0/RealESRGAN_x4plus.pth
  out=models/upscale_models/RealESRGAN_x4plus.pth
https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN/releases/download/v0.2.2.4/RealESRGAN_x4plus_anime_6B.pth
  out=models/upscale_models/RealESRGAN_x4plus_anime_6B.pth
https://huggingface.co/Kim2091/AnimeSharp/resolve/main/4x-AnimeSharp.pth
  out=models/upscale_models/4x-AnimeSharp.pth
https://huggingface.co/Kim2091/UltraSharp/resolve/main/4x-UltraSharp.pth
  out=models/upscale_models/4x-UltraSharp.pth

# Embeddings

https://huggingface.co/datasets/gsdf/EasyNegative/resolve/main/EasyNegative.safetensors
  out=models/embeddings/easynegative.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/lenML/DeepNegative/resolve/main/NG_DeepNegative_V1_75T.pt
  out=models/embeddings/ng_deepnegative_v1_75t.pt

# CLIP Vision

https://huggingface.co/openai/clip-vit-large-patch14/resolve/main/model.safetensors
  out=models/clip_vision/clip_vit14.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/control-lora/resolve/main/revision/clip_vision_g.safetensors
  out=models/clip_vision/control-lora-clip_vision_g.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip-small/resolve/main/image_encoder/model.safetensors
  out=models/clip_vision/stable-diffusion-2-1-unclip-small.safetensors

# ControlNet
# More models: https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/sd_control_collection

https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11e_sd15_ip2p.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11e_sd15_ip2p.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11e_sd15_shuffle.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11e_sd15_shuffle.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11f1e_sd15_tile.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11f1e_sd15_tile.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11f1p_sd15_depth.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11f1p_sd15_depth.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11p_sd15_canny.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11p_sd15_canny.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11p_sd15_inpaint.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11p_sd15_inpaint.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11p_sd15_lineart.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11p_sd15_lineart.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11p_sd15_mlsd.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11p_sd15_mlsd.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11p_sd15_normalbae.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11p_sd15_normalbae.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11p_sd15_openpose.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11p_sd15_openpose.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11p_sd15_scribble.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11p_sd15_scribble.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11p_sd15_seg.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11p_sd15_seg.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11p_sd15_softedge.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11p_sd15_softedge.pth
https://huggingface.co/lllyasviel/ControlNet-v1-1/resolve/main/control_v11p_sd15s2_lineart_anime.pth
  out=models/controlnet/control_v11p_sd15s2_lineart_anime.pth

# Control-LoRA

https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/control-lora/resolve/main/control-LoRAs-rank256/control-lora-canny-rank256.safetensors
  out=models/controlnet/control-lora-canny-rank256.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/control-lora/resolve/main/control-LoRAs-rank256/control-lora-depth-rank256.safetensors
  out=models/controlnet/control-lora-depth-rank256.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/control-lora/resolve/main/control-LoRAs-rank256/control-lora-recolor-rank256.safetensors
  out=models/controlnet/control-lora-recolor-rank256.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/control-lora/resolve/main/control-LoRAs-rank256/control-lora-sketch-rank256.safetensors
  out=models/controlnet/control-lora-sketch-rank256.safetensors
